fix(wasm): replace tokio::time::sleep with matrix_sdk_common::sleep (#6743)
matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk: crates/matrix-sdk/changelog.d/6743.fixed.md

> Replace `tokio::time::sleep` with `matrix_sdk_common::sleep::sleep` to ensure wasm compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `tokio::time::sleep` with `matrix_sdk_common::sleep::sleep` to ensure QRCode auth compiles to WebAssembly.
```
